Interview questions (Pro-Karma)

1. Difference between Abstract class and interface

2. Explain Liskov substitution principle

3. MVC is stateful or stateless

4. Durable functions in Azure (Its an extension to azure function, which helps in writing stateful function in server less environment.  Define work flow in the code)

Serverless
	- Deploy without having worry about the infrastructure
	- Automatic scaling
	- Consumption based pricing

Durable function
	-Define workflows in the code (Orchestrator function)
	-Parallel execution
	-Error handling
	-Supports many workflow patterns
	-Solves the state problem

Benefits
	1. Define the workflow
	2. Seperation of concerns
	3. Easy to implement complex work flows (fan-out and fan-in) pattern
	4. Consolidate exception handling
	5. Check on progress and cancel the work flow
	6. Mange the state

5. MVC filters

6. How authentication works in Azure and which authentication you used?

7. Difference between Dynamic and Var

8. What is deferred function in lync?

	deferred or lazy operators (select, where, take , skip) query is not executed where it is defined, but when it starts iterating through the sequence
	immediate or greedy operators (count, min, max, avg)

9. Transactions in SQL Server and how isolation is handled

10. View Bag and ViewData

11. Rank function in SQL Server

12. Design pattern (Adapter, Singleton, Repository)

13. Dependency injection

14. IEnumerable and IQueryable

15. Logging exceptions

16. Unit testing and moq framework

	it is required when a particular component is not available and returns true
	Email notification after inserting an object to blob
	Use Moq framework
		Create an object
		object.method which needs to be mocked
	Methods needs to be virtual

17. MVC application life cycle pipeline

18. Action filters

19. Routing in MVC and web api (write routing syntax)

20. What is Rest 

21. Stored procedure with transaction (write an example)

22. Differentiate interface and abstract class

23. Repository pattern and unit of work

24. Explain different design patterns

25. Exception handling in MVC

26. JQuery syntax

27. Jquery selectors by an example

28. Different types of join with example 

29. Cross join

30. What is left outer join 

31. Write a simple query for inner join

32. Knowledge of TFS, GIT and team management

33. Are you flexible to extend some time 

34. C# multiple and multi-level inheritance

35. Attribute routing

36. MVC routing

37. Sealed and private method

38. 
