New features

1. Batch support for oData v4
2. Multi check filter to work with null values
3. Add iconClass API for Update and Cancel command buttons in grid
4. Grid infinite(endless) scroll
5. Full support of CRUD operations with Virtual scrolling
6. Persist dirty indicator with batch editing and client-side operations
7. Grid keyboard navigation improvements.
8. Improving performance with paging and sorting of DataSource with local data
9. Support for collapsible rows in Excel export
10. Custom group sorting
11. Grid checkbox column not compatible with standard selection
12. Add formatting functionality to the Tabular PDF export columns


Fixes

1. An incorrect dataItem is returned when using the built-in checkbox column and endless scrolling.
2. columns.selectable not working with multiple grids on the same page
3. Grid editing does not work with nested array column fields
4. The pager buttons of the Adaptive grid are not visible for Flat theme in IE11
5. The numeric buttons in the pager of the Adaptive grid are not rendered correctly for some Less themes
6. The Cancel button icon is missing in the column menu filter UI for the Adaptive grid.
7. Column menu text is not visible for some themes in the Adaptive grid
8. The numeric pager field of the Adaptive grid is not positioned correctly for some Less themes
9. Filtered Grid with enabled Virtual scrolling break the delete functionality with Batch editing
10. Grid columnMenu filtering throws an exception when a column is filtered two times and the field contains a dot
11. The last row is not visible when the horizontal scrollbar is shown after column resize.
12. The columns container in the Grid ColumnMenu is not scrollable with the mousewheel.
13. Grid filtering will boolean fields is not working as expected when the field is null
14. MinResizableWidth should be enforced on double click
15. Grid Pager numbers cover bottom Grid row preventing selection on small screens
16. Adaptive Grid demo does not show next/prev buttons in IE11
17. Scrollbar "gap" in Grid header in Bootstrap LESS theme
18. The clear button in the Adaptive Grid demo is not centered.
19. The wrong icon is displayed in a boolean column of the adaptive Grid.
20. Inconsistent bottom border in the grid last row in type-material themes
21. In the mobile Grid' filter menu, the options AND and OR does not appear as selected(Flat theme).
22. Grid autoFitColumn fails if columns grouped and expanded
23. The editing of the virtualized Grid is not working if after filtering the number of items is less then the pageSize.
24. Grid Dirty span misaligned with column template
25. Redundant pager buttons in MVC grid
26. Checkboxes are not aligned to the label in popup edit form.
27. Filtering more than one column in the MVC Grid results in an error
28. The Grid PDF export produces misaligned footer template when there is a hidden column.
29. Column menu icon in Grid headers are broken in SASS themes in IE
30. Grid "selectable" column does not remove the selected state from the unlocked columns table
31. If paperSize option is used together with footer template pdf export is misaligned
32. When an input element is focused, the Grid will not receive the focus when clicked, and the keyboard navigation is not working.
33. Grid Filter Checkbox not cleared on filter click
34. The page size dropdown instantly closes in Chrome
35. When the Grid is with persistSelection the selectedKeyNames method will still return the selected IDs after the 36. clearSelection metho is used.
37. Wrong color in the grid column menu
38. The DropDown used for chaning the Grid current page, is not closing on mobile devices when clicking outside of it.
39. Grid deselecting all rows with master checkbox fires change event two times
40. Keyboard navigation should persist column index
41. Sort icon in grouped item is broken
42. Grid PDF Export with detail template exports only the first page
43. An error is thrown when editing a cell of a Grid on Mac
44. Grid Media property is not working in Multi-column headers scenario
45. The "close" event of the Grid's popup edit Window fires twice when the "close" button is clicked
46. The style for sorted column is not applied properly when grouping is enabled
47. Pdf export functionality repeats the first page multiple times when papersize is not set.
48. Grid PDF Export with detail template exports only the first page
49. Tabular PDF export not sizing date and number columns