Becoming more effective product owner

What is product vision?

Ensure your items are immediatley actionable

Definition of Done 

Definition of Ready, the specific criteria that must be met before a scrum team may begin
work an a product back log

Team feedback on specific product backlog items as on opportunity to imporve the readiness

Possible criteria for Definition of Ready

1. Intent is clearly stated

2. Potential business values is described

3. Boundary condition is defined

4. INVEST criteria is met

I : Independent 
N : Negotiable
V : Valuable
E : Estimable
S : Small
T : Testable

A great definition of ready will " evolve along with your team"

Scaling product ownership

No of teams is directly propotional to number of product owners

One product owner must retain responsiblity for setting the product's vision and strategy

Product life cycle

	1. Introduction

	2. Growth

	3. Maturity

	4. Decline

Scaling the product backlog

Even when multiple teams work on a single product they must all work from a single Product Backlog

Complexity point estimation works best if each team is able to choose their own baseline point value.

Defining Career Path

Career options for Product owner and certification

Product owner--Product Manager --Director of product management and chief product officer

Path to Chief Product owner

Product owner

1. Backlog creation
2. Backlog refinement and development team support

Lead product owner

1. Scaling product ownership
2. Relatively larger product 
3. Visioning and strategy remains with main product owner

Chief product owner

1. Working with multiple product owners
2. Working directly with users and analyzing competitor products
3. Market analysis


Goals of product owner

1. Engagement with team

2. Value (right features)

3. Decision making

Set teams priorities based on business value

Product owner competencies

1. Relationship building

2. Analysis

3. Decision making

4. Leadership and communication

5. value analysis

6. Fecilitation
	
	Ensures everyone is engaged and participate in the team meetings

	Creates an inclusive environment
